do brain training games really work to
find out the BBC launched the largest
ever scientific study it looked at the
long-term effects of brain training
software the BBC tested the types of
games used by companies like Lumosity
and Nintendo the studies tracked eleven
thousand four hundred and thirty people
for six weeks the tests looked at what
effect these brain training games had on
general reasoning memory planning plus
visual spatial abilities the results of
the study the BBC said brain training
games do not improve overall brainpower
nature Journal said while players got
progressively better at the games the
gains were not transferable scientific
American said few studies convincingly
show improvements from the popular
programs science mag said no evidence of
general cognitive benefits iq mind blog
said I'm often asked to give my view on
Lumosity brain training exercises that
target a variety of cognitive functions
including attention processing speed
visual memory and executive functions it
has quite limited value so all brain
training games are a waste of time right
well not always some types of games have
been scientifically proven to boost
short-term working memory
problem-solving analytic intelligence
general intelligence gains short-term
memory gains Plus focus and
concentration so why are they not
popular well because they're not fun
like Lumosity and Nintendo's brains
games you have to remember the
mainstream brain training market is also
entertainment if your games are not fun
to play then people will not buy your
product according to the BBC the brain
training market is worth 1 billion US
dollars per year yes that really is a
picture of exactly 1 billion US dollars
however
the industry is expected to grow to five
billion dollars by 2015
forbes has even forecast that the
industry will eventually grow to be
worth a trillion US dollars a year so
imagine that picture I showed you 1,000
times over and you'll have a trillion so
what type of brain training works and
back style games may not be mainstream
or popular but guess what they work the
n-back training method is the only
effective method in over 40 years of
research in 2008 a team of psychologists
from the university of bern in
switzerland and the university of
michigan in the USA led by dr. suzanne
jegi proved that the n-back style of
brain training exercises could
substantially improve both short-term
memory and intelligence the results were
featured in the New Scientist magazine
most importantly the effects are
long-term you only need to spend twenty
to twenty-five minutes each day for
twenty days to see the results so
increasing intelligence is possible
after all I will reveal the types of
brain training games you can play that
are backed up by the scientific research
you can find these mentioned inside of
your free 20 part II course called how
to boost your memory by 40 percent in 20
days or less click the link in the video
description for more details so our
brain training games the only way to
boost your memory the short answer no
diet supplements and physical exercise
all have an impact this will be the main
focus of your free eCourse to give you
all the tools available to boost your
memory your free 20 day eCourse how to
boost your memory by 40% in 20 days or
less you'll discover in your free
eCourse the types of brain exercises
that use the n-back training method
which is the only effective method in
over 40 years of research a scientific
study reveals how a simple herb from the
marshlands of Nepal can boost your
memory and learning by up to 13% learn
this one simple memory
HAC and one you can take any list of 20
to 50 even 100 items to memorize them at
lightning speed 1 to 1.5 seconds per
item 3 be able to recall the list
backwards just as easily as forwards 4
you'll also be able to remember the list
even a few days later you might be
thinking this will be hard I think
you'll be pleasantly surprised how easy
it is should only take you 5 to 10
minutes to learn discovery the memory
boosting cocktail created in 1964 by
scientists in Belgium this supplement
appears to increase memory and learning
while reversing the effects of aging but
when taken with this other common
supplement it can boost your memory for
up to 12 hours without side effects have
trouble remembering people's names 5
simple steps for remembering anyone's
name banish embarrassing situations at
meetings and parties forever can
chocolate really boost your memory
according to some scientific research
yes but not every kind
it needs 70% or more of this key
ingredient find out inside plus five
types of superfood containing powerful
memory boosting nutrients discover the
2000 year old memory system used by the
ancient Greeks and Romans for
remembering lists of items which brain
chemical is responsible for memory
discover which one inside plus the foods
and supplements you need to max it out
and so much more click on the link in
the video description now to get access
to your free eCourse called
how to boost your memory by 40% in 20
days or less you can also go to WWE and
gainer org